High-quality article links:
Ten years to sharpen a sword: http://daiyuwen.freeshell.org/gb/misc/21-days-cn.html
The more, the merrier: https://coolshell.cn/articles/4235.html

Enlighten:
Communicate with other programmers;
Write programs;
Working on projects with other programmers;
Always work with masters;

How to make yourself more valuable

First， Accumulation
Study, delve into → Acquire skills, experiences and experiences that most people do not have → People around me ask me or recommend me to others → Be noticed by more people;

Second, focus on valuable things
  a. Market demand: what are the companies doing, what are the problems → solve technical problems and improve team efficiency;
  b. Technology trends: understand history, technology development trajectory ∈ new technologies; Looking at the development of technology on the timeline in history, you will understand what tomorrow's technology will look like.
    I: What problem does it solve, and why can't similar technologies do it?
    II: Why is it solved this way? Is there a better way?
    iii: The more support from large commercial companies behind new technologies, the more attention needs to be paid to.
  
Third, find a place that reflects value: tell the company that develops.

Fourth, hands-on ability is very important, at least knock on whether to understand the details.

Fifth, pay attention to technical payment points: can help others make money; Can help others save money (improve efficiency, save costs).

Sixth,Improve ability and experience: do core projects in well-known companies.

Seventh,Find valuable sources: Google + English.

Eighth, Export views and values. Think about why this is the case, and not that, and draw inferences.




高质量文章链接：
十年磨一剑：http://daiyuwen.freeshell.org/gb/misc/21-days-cn.html
多多益善：https://coolshell.cn/articles/4235.html
启发：
和其他程序员交流；
写程序；
和其他程序员一起做项目；
永远和高手一起工作；

如何让自己更值钱
一、积累
学习、钻研 → 掌握大多数人没有的技能，经验和经历 → 身边的人有求于我或者向别人推荐我 → 被更多人注意到；

二、关注有价值的东西
  a.市场需求：各公司都在做什么，难题是什么 → 解决技术难题，提高团队人效；
  b.技术趋势：了解历史，技术发展轨迹 ∈ 新技术 ；看历史上的时间线上技术的发展，会明白明天的技术是什么样的。
    i：它解决了什么问题，为什么同类技术做不到？
    ii:为什么是这样解决的？有没有更好的方式？
    iii:新技术后面的大型商业公司支持的越多，越需要关注。
  
三、找到能体现价值的地方：告诉发展的公司。

四、动手能力很重要，至少动手敲一遍是否理解细枝末节。

五、关注技术付费点：能帮别人赚钱；能帮别人省钱（提高效率，节省成本）

六、提升能力和经历：在知名公司做核心项目。

七、找到有价值的信息源：Google + 英文

八、输出观点和价值观。思考为什么这样，而不是那样，举一反三。
